### 1.	Data organization (2 point)

•	Your codes, data, figures, tables, and documents should be placed in separate directories. 
•	Make it clear where different types of files have been located. To do this, you can use a “ReadMe” file. “ReadMe” file is a root of the project directory and provides a navigate to anyone coming to your project.
•	Specify software dependencies, versions, and where they should be installed. You can clearly explain these and what anyone should do to run your project on the “ReadMe” file, too.

### 2.	Data availability (1 point)

•	All the data and materials should be available on GitHub, or in an international data repository.
•	Keep raw data raw; you should keep raw data intact. In other words, the preprocessing of data should be saved in a separate file. Because, having access to your intact raw data, anyone else can reproduce your result from scratch.
### 3.	Documentation (2 points)

•	You should document your analysis well to make it clear enough for someone else to follow easily.
•	All of your claims in your work should be supported by the underlying analysis.
•	The code should be written in a way that can be readily understood. The code should be properly commented, so that anyone can follow its logic.
o	You should explain on the top of each script file what the script does as well as its expected input and output.
o	Use comment to describe the input and output for more complex functions.

### 4.	Reproducible results and final report (5 points)

•	All of your documents including the tables and any data-driven charts, graphics, and visualizations should be possible to be created by anyone else. In other words, your submitted report should be itself regenerated by running the submitted code.
•	If one makes a small change in the data and re-runs all the code, the code should be able to generate an updated version of your report that incorporates appropriately updated graphics, and etc., based on the updated data.
